Miss, the person who was warm with you last night
Not the gangster we're looking for at all
What!
The person who spent the night with him was a doctor
Doctor Yandi Capital First Shengshi Group
It's the president's doctor who covers the sky with his hands
You put him in the basement first
I want to marry into the country in his place
If he can give birth to a child
Could be my key to marrying into the country
Haha, my good sister.
Go!
Can my wife yell at me?
Sister, you really helped me a lot.
What do you mean?
I want to burn you.
I want cloud smoke
I beg you to be warm
There is such a face in the world
Because Ning Yunyan is one
That's enough, don't smoke